[docs] Add example for using cloud-config in place of file provisioners (#31995)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/resources/provisioners/syntax.mdx

the need for direct network access from Terraform to the new server and for
remote access credentials to be provided.

### Provisioning files using cloud-config

> Under some circumstances it may be feasible to
> [yamlencode](https://www.terraform.io/language/functions/yamlencode) your entire
> [cloud-config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/cloudinit/latest/docs)
> file. In that case you could use the `write_files` section in place of file
> provisioners. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the [`cloudinit_config`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/cloudinit/latest/docs) data source to your Terraform configuration and specify the files you want to provision as `text/cloud-config` content. The `cloudinit_config` data source renders multi-part MIME configurations for use with [cloud-init](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). Pass the files in the `content` field as YAML-encoded configurations using the `write_files` block. 

In the following example, the `my_cloud_config` data source specifies a `text/cloud-config` MIME part named `cloud.conf`. The `part.content` field is set to [`yamlencode`](/terraform/language/functions/yamlencode), which encodes the `write_files` JSON object as YAML so that the system can provision the referenced files.
```
Unless we can provide guidance about when this strategy would be feasible, I think we should provide the information and let other users decide if this pattern matches their circumstances. I also wanted to provide a little more context about how the example works.
